- general site.
	1. its reading unigroup insteas of NEST.
	2. The file index.html, i dont know if its part of this web site, but its carrying static data and false statistics and info that dont even exist on the backend.
	3. the login.html and signup.html also carry false info and its info is not updated from the backend / data base.
	4. This whole site might be too heavy for old phone or devices which might coz lag or failure to load the site fur to the demanding resourse it might require. might need to optimise it while keeping everything at high quality.
	5. lets improve on the UI and and the colors and the themes ont this site,( Light mode, mid mode and dark mode). also neeeds smooth transitions between these three modes, something unique and eye catching.
	6. i want to know how i will bw able to update my data base in different senariors especially if i hv a large spreadsheet or file. how will the system be able to access, process and store the data. more so i want to avoid duplicate data or students providing wrong/invalid emails. NOTE: different faculties and universities hv different and unique registration numbers. For example the school that this website is currently handling is called "NDEJJE UNIVERSITY - KAMPALA COMPUS" and it accepts this format "26/2/222/D/2222"- this is an example of wat ndejje accepts for first year students. thats y in the database in the tables there should be a table for universities  containing columns; university, abbreviation, branch, location and accepted reg number (this will help work for place holders), also some universities provide different reg numbers depending on the intake/year/course/degree one is taking/faculty/ program (day,weekend or evening) this means the data base has to be dynamic in the way it handles this. This will help and make this website easy for expansion to more universities and also making it easy to update into on both the login/sigup page and the whole website.
	7. we may need to integrate accessibility since the website includes groups which will be connected to whatsapp. this is why users are required to provide there whatsapp numbers which would only be visible to the fellow group members. and for the case of whatsapp group links. those are to be provided/uploaded by the coordinator/web admin under the formed groups' description for that course unit. but also the course units themselves hv there own general groups that will need to be provided with the whatsapp links that will need to be added also the faculty also has its own group/community whatsapp link.
	8. for proper organisation, a student isnt allowed to; 1. see a profile for another student if they are not in the same group, and even if they are in the same group, limited information is to be provided (name the profile picture and the whatsapp number). 2. join 2 groups under the same course unit. 3. leave a group tht the coordinator assigned/formed and a group change request can only be sent to the coordinator in only under 24hrs of the group formation. if the students formed the groups themselves, the option to form groups is only available for the time the coordinator provides or until he/she locks that option for that course unit. the students also hv a randomizer option to randomly be paired with other orphan students or groups which hv not yet met the max capacity set by the coordinator. groups that hv been formed by the students have limitation; (i). students can only use the randomizer option only twice. (ii). students can only switch to a new within 3hrs of the group formation beyond that they will need the coordinator to change them. (iii). gender balance the ratio should be ( 1:1, 3:1, 5:2, 3:2) unless the cordinator changes the rules for the group formation to separate the genders or the gender balance, the system should automatically balance everything. (iv). group leader can either be assigned by (a). the system in 3hrs of the group formation if non of the group members doesnot stand in for the post and the leader cant step down and requires the coordinator to change them,(b) the coordinator can appoint or dismiss a group leader either manually or using the randomizer. NOTE: Self appointed group leaders are official in 2 only hrs of self appointment, if a fellow student in the same group wishes to be a group leader the system can randomly, chose between the candidates made the request. 3. in the browse groups tab for the students portal, students can see other groups in the respective course units but can only see them in tablets, or list etc depending on the layout they choose, they can only see the total number students in the group, the group name, and the assignment they have. unless they are in the group, that that the only info they see.
	9. after signing up, the student should register or check the course units his doing from the list that will be provided by the system. this means the data base also has to have a table having the available course units. and students can change some of there info from the profile or settings page. the signup page should also collect there gender.
	10. for the case of coordinators, they are also students. so if in database a students status was changed from (Normal) to (coordinator) or (selected coordinator), wen they login with there student credentials, they are met with a prompt to continue as a normal student or the assigned role.
	11. The new role of (selected coordinator(SC)) this is profile that can be assigned by the faculty coordinator onto a specific account for a specific course unit using his/her dashboard. the role appears on there account in only that assigned course unit as (sc). the prevellages they have include; 1. creating groups, 2. assisting in managing the specific assigned course unit. 3 they have the prevlages and features of the faculty coordinator but are only limited in that course units. The selected coordinator can be selected or assigned by the faculty coordinator using his/her dashboard or directly in the database table. they can also print spreadsheets of the students in that course unit.
	12. For students with a normal status, they are not allowed to be actively logged in on more that one device at the same time. so a student can only have 1 active session.
	
	
- Students portal
	1. in the dashboard, there should only be the number of groups the student is in, the number of course units they registered in the system at signup, they can add or remove from the signup page, a count down to the course work or assignment that has the nearest dead line, and in the count down page, the students can see all the active course work deadlines and assissments arranged in the order of there choosing but default being date at which it expired. in this page students can also see all the passed assignments that they may hv missed.
	2. In the tasks page, the students can see the latest activities and course works and can check it if they completed it but after the deadline, they are not allowed to check it out as completed. and above they can see the percentage of completed tasks. NOTE: tasks are only updated by the selected coordinator or the faculty coordinator. 
	3. In the assignment page the students can see the active assigments and courseworks.


- Coordinator platform/portal
	1. if possible, there is need to add possiblity of connecting spreedsheet doc that will be used as another method to upload data into the data base with realtime update of the database. this is a very complex feature to me so i want to be very delicate on it. The way i see it, is providing a like link to the google sheet according to the faculty. the spreedsheet that this site will be providing via the google sheets should be containing; the students' names, registration number, phone number, the course they are doing and the course units( in the column for this there should jus be the group that they are present in. if the student is not in any group of the course unit in the field it should jus hv orphan. but if the student is not doing that particular course unit or is not register with it, it should jus stay blank.) so all these i mentioned are the rows i expect to see. If connecting to a google sheet document wont be easy or possible, i will find that input table in the website.
	2. in the dashboard, the number of course units should be counting the number of course units present on the site/database. And the can add or remove the available course units, there should also be a count for available courses and can add or remove them. this is all another way of updating the database.
	3. In the total number of students, in the page there should be count for different queries as set by the coordinator. the default are number of girls and boys with a percentage ratio, number of students in a given course unit. basically this page jus has full layout of all student info but its different from the students page, that one carries the actuall data where students info can be searched or inserted into the data base.
	4.the case of bulk data entry am stuck between using a free light weight ai model to help with pdf files, pictures, spreedsheets etc. coz i dont wat to have duplicate data in the system. so i dont know wat i can use, either gemini,openrouter or nvidia, i jus need something good enough to help with this.  if we decide to go with an ai intergration model, the we r introducing a new web page called "AI ENTRY", where the coordinator has to provide an api key for there desired provider the default providers are gemini, nvidia, openrouter, claude.  This site needs a chat bot like interface like those of gemini and claude use but make it custom. the AI agent will be name crimson. so design the web page well. so this web page is not only for data entry but also data queries based on the data base incase i need to fetch data or search for an account. Also for security and prevent wrong data manupilation, all data changes must be logged, the ai is only accessible to the faculty coordinator, before the ai writes data it must show a preview of the data its adding or modifying and waits for clarity to procceed.
	
	
	Finally. 
		i am open to extra ideas of how to improve the website and wat we can add. This is a web site Called Nest created by Kibirige Joachim Elijah. You can add my github provide my github profile crimsonej/crimsonej. 
